Update anti-request-forgery.md (#34257)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/anti-request-forgery.md

## Multiple browser tabs and the Synchronizer Token Pattern

> With the Synchronizer Token Pattern, only the most recently loaded page is guaranteed to contain a valid antiforgery token. ***Using multiple tabs can be problematic***. For example, if a user opens multiple tabs:

Author: ```suggestion
With the Synchronizer Token Pattern, only the most recently loaded page is guaranteed to contain a valid antiforgery token. Apps that wish to support multiple tabs should test supported browser and log failures. ***Using multiple tabs can be problematic***. For example, if a user opens multiple tabs:
```

> With the Synchronizer Token Pattern, only the most recently loaded page is guaranteed to contain a valid antiforgery token. Apps that wish to support multiple tabs should test supported browsers and log failures. ***Using multiple tabs can be problematic***. For example, if a user opens multiple tabs:

Reviewer: The intro to the bulleted list is now out of sync with the list itself:

* is guaranteed to contain
* contains

Consider changing the second bullet with something similar, like "might fail with an error"

Suggestion that you can accept if you want is in the next comment

>  * Only the most recently loaded tab contains a valid antiforgery token.
>  * Requests made from previously loaded tabs fail with an error: `Antiforgery token validation failed. The antiforgery cookie token and request token do not match`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Only the most recently loaded tab is guaranteed to contain a valid antiforgery token.
 * Requests made from previously loaded tabs might fail with an error: `Antiforgery token validation failed. The antiforgery cookie token and request token do not match`
```
